Fix broken links (#10)
Stedi/awesome-edi: README.md

## Related services and libraries
*Things you might need when building an EDI system*

- [Mappings (Stedi)]([https://www.stedi.com/products/mappings) - a visual mapping editor to create advanced data transformations using an open-source language called JSONata. Once a mapping is defined, users can invoke it via API.
- [JSONata Playground (Stedi)](https://www.stedi.com/jsonata/playground) - a free online tool to learn and experiment with JSONata.

> - [EDI Guides (Stedi)](https://www.stedi.com/products/guides) - create machine-readable EDI specifications.

Author: ```suggestion
- [EDI Guides (Stedi)](https://www.stedi.com/docs/edi-platform/guides/index) - create machine-readable EDI specifications.
```

## Related services and libraries
*Things you might need when building an EDI system*

> - [Mappings (Stedi)]([https://www.stedi.com/products/mappings) - a visual mapping editor to create advanced data transformations using an open-source language called JSONata. Once a mapping is defined, users can invoke it via API.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Mappings (Stedi)](https://www.stedi.com/docs/edi-platform/mappings/index) - a visual mapping editor to create advanced data transformations using an open-source language called JSONata. Once a mapping is defined, users can invoke it via API.
```
